The Secret of Gwigok Mountain Lodge
Now I finally feel alive.
I was really hungry, chu~
We've been walking around constantly since morning, areum.
Where in the world could the other three Princess Teeniepings be, ponni?
Huh?
Graceping, you still haven't eaten?
While she's reading a mystery novel, she won't hear a word we say, ponni.
Lately, Graceping has been so immersed in that, she hasn't even been sleeping properly, areum.
Sigh... Mystery novels are really fun, sappun.
If you're done reading, hurry up and eat.
I'm full even without eating, sappun.
She really is completely hooked, chu~
Ah! Rain...!
Where did this rain come from all of a sudden?
Why isn't there a path going down?
I can't see well because of the rain, areum.
It looks dangerous to go any further.
Brrr... I'm getting a bit cold too...
Guys, there's something over there, chu!
Let's hurry and go see, ponni!
This place is... exactly like a crime scene from a mystery novel...!
Let's get out of the rain first.
Excuse me~ Is anyone here?
The door is open, ponni?
I sense the smell of a mystery in there, sappun...!
You can't just go in like that!
Um... Hello? I'm sorry for intruding so suddenly.
Kyaaak!
Is there no one here?
It looks like it's been empty for a long time, chu.
It's a bit spooky somehow...
Let's rest over there, ponni.
I'm getting a hunch about a mysterious case, sappun.
Thankfully the lights turn on.
Sigh, the rain just won't stop.
Sitting still makes it feel like time is passing even slower, ponni.
It would be nice if there was something to play with, areum...
Ah! I just thought of something.
When did you bring that?
Eight... Nine... Ten! Ready or not, here I come, ponni!
Is it this way?
Or this way?
Ponni!
Hehe... Could she be this way?
She's right here...
Gotcha!
Ponni! I'm caught, chu...
Hehe... You're on the second floor, ponni?
Whoa! What is that?
Romi! What's wrong?
What's going on, chu?
A mystery case... sappun...
Those two in their childhood...
Dianaping, why are you getting along so well with Eclipseping, ponni?
They look like they're having fun, areum.
Huh? Where is Eclipseping going?
I have a bad feeling about this, areum.
The mirror broke, chu!
That... this is...
This is none other than...
Proof that a massive mystery is hidden in this place, sappun.
I will definitely uncover that secret, sappun.
There must be a clue somewhere around here... sappun!
She's starting again?
She's completely and utterly obsessed, ponni...
Guys, I'm hungry, areum...
Come to think of it, we haven't had dinner yet.
Graceping, let's look for that later and eat first.
Sappun~
Huh? Why are there only three sandwiches?
Did you guys eat one by any chance?
No.
Huh? That's weird.
I smell a mystery, sappun.
In this case, the culprit is...
Waaaah! What is that?
Aaaaaah!
Sappun!
Gasp! The window...
It shattered all of a sudden, areum.
Is there really something mysterious going on, chu?
The wind probably just blew hard and a rock flew in from outside, ponni.
No! If something flew in from outside and broke the window, the glass shards should be inside.
But look here. The glass shards have all fallen outside the cabin, sappun.
That means...
That means!
The culprit is right here inside, sappun!
Uh...!
Hey! Don't scare us! There's no way something like that is...
Kyaaak! Something just touched me, ponni!
The truth of the mystery is over there, sappun!
I'm scared...
Wait a minute. It's dangerous.
Why is the picnic mat here...
The mat was probably originally here...
Gasp!
Take this!
What is this?
Ouch, seeing stars...
Spare us, charle... Ugh, whatever, croak...
Why are you guys coming out of there, chu?
So this was all you guys trying to steal the sandwiches?
Steal them! We were following you and got so tired... we just took a little...
It's unfair! We were just trying to secretly protect you, charle!
Because you don't like it when we follow you around, charle...
Then why did you break the window?
Croak, croak, croak!
According to Croakping, he snuck out alone and was watching from behind the pillar...
He got startled by the thunder and looked back, and there was something outside the window!
So he threw a rock to chase it away, and it disappeared in an instant, treu.
I thought it was a ghost, you startled me!
To think the mystery of this cabin was just you guys... sappun.
Anyway, from now on, tell us before you follow us around, okay?
Ah!
Finally, the real thing! Sappun!
Take this!
I'll yield everything to you, charle!
The thing that was behind the window earlier...
Then...
Thankfully the rain has stopped and the weather has cleared up.
Still, I'm glad we got to eat the leftover sandwiches, chu~
I'm glad we can go back home safely, areum.
It's a relief nothing bad happened, ponni.
My mystery is over, sappun...
What in the world was that thing the Magic Mirror showed us yesterday, ponni?
Who cares.
It's just good we're going back safely.